Include channels directory in the welcomedm - medium.

Can the verify functions be consolidated into one function? - medium.

Readme doesn't have line spacing at the start of message divisions - medium - done.

Add excessive length and all upper case as automod triggers - high - done.

Message cleanup must delete messages of muted newcomers - high - done

Make the verify commands both manual and automod, send a message to the member introductions channel - high - done.

Split message cleanup into a separate function and then trigger it on specific events such as when a member is verified or leaves the server - high - done.

Stop warning invaders. It only challenges them - high - done

Add microphone on off to the vc logging. Investigate use of the session id property - medium.

Is it possible to search for avatar image online for new members - idea - low.

What about searching for chatbot replies online? - idea - low.

Why not delete additional reaction roles to the roles questions as they happen? - medium

Change the /welcome command to delete all messages from landing zone, write the message there and then delete the pin - high - done.

A /help command - medium - testing

Further modularise the code - low

Work out how to update to node-fetch v3 - low

Complete channel descriptions - low

Disable automatic recompile of the channels ditrectory - high - done.

Put security around the hidden comands where necessary - high - done.

Bug fix, welcomeDM not found - crash! - welcomeDM was moved into the automod module but is referenced by the /moderate verify command. Changed the /moderate verify command to reference the function in the module. Doesn't seem like the ideal solution - done.

Fix application commands permissions - done - sort of works. If moderate is still visible to verified - done-ish.

Fix and test the datacheck command - done

Is it possible to globally stop notifications for some channels for all users? - deleted - the default notifications for the server are @mentions - deleted

Change the deleted messages channel to be a complete audit logging channel for landing-zone - medium - in progress - testing - done.

Rename the see deleted messages role to relate to the landing zone log - high - done

checking that the landing-zone-log channel name doesnt cause a problem - fixed .includes vulnerability - done
